doc: matter: Added information about Amazon FFS support (#7048)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_configuring_protocol.rst

Some of these can be configured using the Kconfig options listed below:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_DEVICE_VENDOR_ID` sets the device manufacturer identifier that is assigned by the Connectivity Standards Alliance.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_DEVICE_PRODUCT_ID` sets the product identifier that is assigned by the product manufacturer.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_DEVICE_TYPE` sets the type of the device using the Matter Device Type Identifier, for example Door Lock (0x000A) or Dimmable Light Bulb (0x0101).
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_COMMISSIONABLE_DEVICE_TYPE` enables including an optional device type subtype in the commissionable node discovery record.
  This allows filtering of the discovery results to find the nodes that match the device type.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_ROTATING_DEVICE_ID` enables an optional rotating device identifier feature that provides an additional unique identifier for each device.
  This identifier is similar to the serial number, but it additionally changes at predefined times to protect against long-term tracking of the device.

> The nRF Connect platform supports `Amazon Frustration-Free Setup`_ that allows to automatically setup Matter devices and join to Amazon Echo's network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Connect platform supports `Amazon Frustration-Free Setup`_ that allows Matter devices to be automatically commissioned to the Matter network, by help of the Matter-enabled Amazon Echo device.
```

> 
> The nRF Connect platform supports `Amazon Frustration-Free Setup (FFS)`_ that allows Matter devices to be automatically commissioned to the Matter network, by help of the Matter-enabled Amazon Echo device.
> To enable support you need to met the setup prerequisites, by setting the following configuration options:
> * :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_COMMISSIONABLE_DEVICE_TYPE` to ``y``
> * :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_ROTATING_DEVICE_ID` to ``y``
> * :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_DEVICE_TYPE` to the appropriate value dependent on the device used and compliant with the Matter Device Type Identifier.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Amazon FFS support
==================

Matter in the |NCS| supports `Amazon Frustration-Free Setup (FFS)`_ that allows Matter devices to be automatically commissioned to the Matter network using the Matter-enabled Amazon Echo device.
To enable the FFS support, set the following configuration options to meet the Amazon FFS setup prerequisites:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_COMMISSIONABLE_DEVICE_TYPE` to ``y``.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_ROTATING_DEVICE_ID` to ``y``.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_CHIP_DEVICE_TYPE` to the appropriate value, depending on the device used.
  The value must be compliant with the Matter Device Type Identifier.

```
